# Signala - Secure wallet for easy payments

Signlana is a secure mobile wallet for user friendly and fast payments in the Solana network.

## Features

- **Secure**: Signlana provides two modules: User and Point. 

The User module is a secure wallet where your private keys are stored in the secure enclave of your device. This module is intended to be installed in an old offline device and it will be used to sign transactions. Since the device will not be connected to the internet, your private keys will be safe. 

The Point module is a simple wallet that can be installed in any device. It is intended to be used by merchants to receive payments. The Point module will generate a QR code that can be scanned by the User module to sign the transaction. Then the User module will generate a QR code that can be scanned by the Point module to broadcast the transaction to the network. No keys are stored in the merchant device, so it is safe to use.

- **User friendly**: it's simple, intuitive and easy to use. There are no complex addresses, hashes or keys to remember. Just scan a QR code and you are ready to go.

- **Fast**: Signlana is built on the Solana network, which is one of the fastest blockchains in the world. Transactions are confirmed in less than a second.

## How it works

1. ** First step**: 
    - Install the User module in an old device. 
    - Disconnect the device from the internet. It will be used 100% offline.
    - Create a new wallet or import an existing one.
    - Send funds to your wallet using the public address.

2. ** Create a payment request **:
    - Install the App in a device connected to the internet.
    - Open the Point module.
    - Create a new payment request and fill the required information.
    - The Point module will generate a QR code with the payment request.

3. ** Make a payment **:
    - Open the User module.
    - Scan the QR code generated by the Point module.
    - Check the payment details.
    - Confirm the payment.
    - The User module will generate a QR code with the signed transaction.

5. ** Broadcast the transaction **:
    - Scan the QR code generated by the User module with the Point module.
    - The Point module will broadcast the transaction to the network.

## Installation

This project uses Expo. To run the project, you need to have Expo installed in your machine. You can install it by running in the Signlana directory:

```bash
npm install
```

Then you can run the project by running:

```bash
npx expo start
```
